NO-ISSUE: Docs - clarifying consequences of capabilities override (#6060)
openshift/assisted-service: docs/user-guide/install-customization.md

    - openshift-samples
```

See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/installing/cluster-capabilities.html for more information.

> Note that disabling capabilities could cause problems in some situations, e.g. disabling the baremetal-operator on a baremetal platform cluster will cause installation to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Disabling capabilities could cause problems in some situations, e.g. disabling the baremetal-operator on a baremetal platform cluster will cause installation to fail.
```

Never tried it, but it should display that part in a clearer way at GitHub.
